feat(accordion): add heading and meta slots (VIV-2636) (#2400)
Vonage/vivid-3: libs/components/src/lib/accordion-item/README.md

</vwc-accordion>
```

## Slots

### Heading Slot

> Set the `heading` slot to add content to the accordion item's heading.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `heading` slot to add custom content to the Accordion Item's heading, allowing you to apply custom formatting.
```

If set, the `heading` attribute is ignored.

```html preview 120px
<vwc-accordion expand-mode="multi">
	<vwc-accordion-item heading="Accordion item" expanded>
		<span slot="heading">Accordion item (slotted)</span>
		Lorem Ipsum is simply dummy text of the printing and typesetting industry.
	</vwc-accordion-item>

> </vwc-accordion>

Reviewer: This example helps show why a consumer would use the slot.
